corrected spelling and updated example to show result on page (#39750)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/highlight/index.md

- {{domxref("Highlight.values()")}}
  - : Returns a new iterator object that yields the ranges in the highlight object in insertion order.

> ## Example

Author: Done

The following example demonstrates how specific parts of a block of text can be highlighted.

> ```html-nolint

Reviewer: Why nolint?

Author: The no-lint is there to stop extra characters being added to the block that then affect the ranges and which characters in the block are highlighted.

## Examples

The following example demonstrates how specific parts of a block of text can be highlighted.

```html-nolint
<p class="foo">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Exercitationem
  sapiente non eum facere? Nam rem hic culpa, ipsa rerum ab itaque consectetur
  molestiae dolores vitae! Quo ex explicabo tempore? Tenetur.</p>
```

> This JavaScript demonstrates how to create [ranges](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Range), instantiate a new `Highlight` object for them, and [register it](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HighlightRegistry/set) to be styled on the page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This JavaScript code creates [ranges](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Range), instantiates a new `Highlight` object for them, and [registers it](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HighlightRegistry/set) to be styled on the page:
```
